**Abstract**

1. Objective- Why did you do this and what were you trying to accomplish?

   This project centered around the detection of exoplanets and making their identification more accurate. One of the main ways to detect exoplanets is to monitor the brightness of stars that exoplanets are orbiting. When a star dims, that is a good indicator that a planet is crossing in front of it. The light of the stars is received on a detector plane where the response of each pixel can be analyzed. An issue with this method is the fact that the edges of a pixel on the detector plane are not as sensitive as the center of the pixel. If the light from the star were to fall on the edge of a pixel rather than the center, that would cause a decrease in the brightness and a false indicator of an exoplanet. A solution to this problem would be to determine the sensitivity of each part of the pixel and mathematically correct for these discrepancies when analyzing the data. 

2. Procedure- What did you do? How was the work carried out to support your objective?

   In order to solve for the coefficients of the subpixel sensitivity map (the coefficients that define how sensitive a subpixel is) an experiment can be set up. In the experiment, waves are shined at a predefined wavelength through a mask, which points it to an area on the image plane to converge to. The wave will converge to its point spread function, and subsequently, the intensities can be measured and stored in a row vector. This can be equated to the definition of intensity of a subpixel, which is the sum of the value of the point spread function evaluated at each point of the subpixel, then multiplied by the subpixel sensitivity coefficient. The response of the pixel is simply defined as the sum of all the intensities times their respective sensitivity coefficient.  Based on this, we can use a least squares linear regression to solve for the coefficients. Before solving however we modeled the point spread function, which is a convolution between an airy disk and a Gaussian. This convolution was achieved in the most mathematically efficient way possible by using Fourier transforms rather than numerical integration of the convolution integral. Obtaining the Point Response Function (PRF) was also done optimally, by making use of fast fourier transforms to return to the real space. 

3. Results-What happened? What was the outcome of the work?

   The point spread function and point response function were both successfully modeled, and plotting their values on a graph verified that the desired results were achieved. In order to prepare for future work,a python script that called the C++ PSF and PRF model generation was developed. From this, when given a set of responses and experiment constants, the coefficients of the subpixel sensitivity map were solved for using linear regression. 

4. Significance-What will be the result of the results?